README.md, before:

# 📹 QRyptoRAG Documentation

> **Beautiful, interactive documentation for the future of RAG systems**

[![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-15.3.3-black)](https://nextjs.org/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5.0-blue)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-3.4.1-38B2AC)](https://tailwindcss.com/)
[![Framer Motion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-12.23.24-0055FF)](https://www.framer.com/motion/)

---

## 🚀 What is QRyptoRAG?

**QRyptoRAG** is a revolutionary approach to high-density knowledge storage for Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) systems. Unlike traditional vector databases, QRyptoRAG encodes textual knowledge as QR codes within MP4 video files, achieving **80-95% compression** while maintaining **sub-1-second retrieval** speeds.

### The Innovation
- **🎯 QR-Video Encoding**: Transform text documents into searchable MP4 videos
- **📦 Extreme Compression**: Leverage H.264 video codecs for superior data density
- **⚡ Self-Contained**: No external APIs or databases required - works completely offline
- **🎬 Universal Format**: MP4 files work anywhere video plays

---

## 📚 About This Documentation Site

This is the official documentation website for the **QRyptoRAG npm package**. Built with modern web technologies, it provides:

- **📖 Comprehensive Guides**: Step-by-step tutorials and examples
- **🔧 API Reference**: Complete TypeScript documentation
- **💡 Interactive Examples**: Live code snippets and demos
- **🎨 Beautiful UI**: Modern design with dark/light theme support
- **🔍 Smart Search**: Find documentation instantly
- **📱 Responsive Design**: Perfect on desktop, tablet, and mobile

### Tech Stack
- **Framework**: Next.js 15 with App Router
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS with custom components
- **Animations**: Framer Motion for smooth transitions
- **Icons**: Phosphor icons for consistent design
- **Content**: MDX for rich documentation
- **Search**: Built-in intelligent search functionality

---

## 🛠️ Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- **Node.js** >= 18.0.0
- **npm** or **yarn** or **pnpm**

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/gpbacay/qryptorag.git
cd qryptorag

# Install dependencies
npm install
```

### Development

```bash
# Start the development server
npm run dev

# The documentation site will be available at:
# http://localhost:9002
```

### Build for Production

```bash
# Build the site
npm run build

# Start production server
npm start
```

---

## 📖 Documentation Structure

The documentation covers everything you need to know about QRyptoRAG:

### 📚 **Core Concepts**
- How QR-video encoding works
- Understanding compression ratios
- Semantic search fundamentals

### 🚀 **Getting Started**
- Installation and setup
- Your first QR-video encoding
- Basic search operations

### 🔧 **API Reference**
- Complete TypeScript API documentation
- Database adapters (Supabase, in-memory, file-based)
- Embedder integrations (Gemini, Cohere, Hugging Face)

### 💡 **Examples**
- Documentation assistant setup
- PDF processing workflows
- Multi-language knowledge bases
- Production deployment patterns

### 🏗️ **Architecture**
- System design and data flow
- Performance optimization tips
- Scaling strategies

---

## 📦 Related Projects

### Core Package
- **📦 [qr-video-rag](https://www.npmjs.com/package/qr-video-rag)** - The main npm package
- **🔗 [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/gpbacay/qryptorag)** - Source code and issues

### Key Features
- **🎯 Novel Approach**: First QR-based RAG storage system
- **📦 80-95% Compression**: Via H.264 video encoding
- **⚡ Sub-1-second Retrieval**: Direct frame seeking
- **🎬 Self-Contained**: Works offline, no external dependencies
- **🌐 Framework Agnostic**: Compatible with LangChain, LlamaIndex

---

## 🎨 Design Philosophy

This documentation site embodies the innovative spirit of QRyptoRAG:

- **Minimalist Aesthetics**: Clean, modern design that doesn't distract from content
- **Developer-First**: Built by developers, for developers
- **Performance Focused**: Fast loading, smooth animations
- **Accessible**: WCAG compliant with keyboard navigation and screen reader support

### Color Scheme
- **Primary**: Deep indigo (#4F46E5) - Technological expertise
- **Accent**: Vibrant teal (#14B8A6) - Interactive elements
- **Background**: Very light gray (#F9FAFB) - Clean, modern look

### Typography
- **Body**: Inter - Clear, accessible content
- **Headlines**: Space Grotesk - Tech-forward, modern feel

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions to both the QRyptoRAG package and this documentation site!

### Ways to Contribute
- **🐛 Report Issues**: Found a bug? Let us know!
- **💡 Suggest Features**: Have ideas for improvement?
- **📝 Improve Docs**: Help make documentation clearer
- **🔧 Code Contributions**: Submit PRs for the package or docs

### Development Setup

```bash
# Fork and clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/qryptorag.git

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Make your changes and submit a PR!
```

---

## 📄 License

This documentation website and the QRyptoRAG package are licensed under the **MIT License**.

See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- **Gianne Bacay** - Creator of QRyptoRAG
- **Open Source Community** - For the amazing tools that make this possible
- **RAG Community** - For pushing the boundaries of AI knowledge management

---

## 🌟 Star the Project

If you find QRyptoRAG useful, please consider giving it a star! ⭐

- **📦 [npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/qr-video-rag)**
- **🔗 [GitHub repository](https://github.com/gpbacay/qryptorag)**

---

**Built with ❤️ using Next.js, Tailwind CSS, and Framer Motion**

Commit message:

Update documentation across multiple README files: Enhanced descriptions to emphasize open source nature, added badges for visibility, and clarified acknowledgments. Improved overall consistency and clarity in messaging for QRyptoRAG and qr-video-rag projects.

README.md, after:

# 📹 QRyptoRAG Documentation

> **Beautiful, interactive documentation for the future of open source RAG systems**

[![Open Source](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20Source-Yes-green)](https://github.com/gpbacay/qryptorag)

[![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-15.3.3-black)](https://nextjs.org/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5.0-blue)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-3.4.1-38B2AC)](https://tailwindcss.com/)
[![Framer Motion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-12.23.24-0055FF)](https://www.framer.com/motion/)

---

## 🚀 What is QRyptoRAG?

**QRyptoRAG** is a revolutionary approach to high-density knowledge storage for Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) systems. Unlike traditional vector databases, QRyptoRAG encodes textual knowledge as QR codes within MP4 video files, achieving **80-95% compression** while maintaining **sub-1-second retrieval** speeds.

### The Innovation
- **🎯 QR-Video Encoding**: Transform text documents into searchable MP4 videos
- **📦 Extreme Compression**: Leverage H.264 video codecs for superior data density
- **⚡ Self-Contained**: No external APIs or databases required - works completely offline
- **🎬 Universal Format**: MP4 files work anywhere video plays

---

## 📚 About This Documentation Site

This is the official documentation website for the **QRyptoRAG npm package**. Built with modern web technologies, it provides:

- **📖 Comprehensive Guides**: Step-by-step tutorials and examples
- **🔧 API Reference**: Complete TypeScript documentation
- **💡 Interactive Examples**: Live code snippets and demos
- **🎨 Beautiful UI**: Modern design with dark/light theme support
- **🔍 Smart Search**: Find documentation instantly
- **📱 Responsive Design**: Perfect on desktop, tablet, and mobile

### Tech Stack
- **Framework**: Next.js 15 with App Router
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS with custom components
- **Animations**: Framer Motion for smooth transitions
- **Icons**: Phosphor icons for consistent design
- **Content**: MDX for rich documentation
- **Search**: Built-in intelligent search functionality

---

## 🛠️ Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- **Node.js** >= 18.0.0
- **npm** or **yarn** or **pnpm**

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/gpbacay/qryptorag.git
cd qryptorag

# Install dependencies
npm install
```

### Development

```bash
# Start the development server
npm run dev

# The documentation site will be available at:
# http://localhost:9002
```

### Build for Production

```bash
# Build the site
npm run build

# Start production server
npm start
```

---

## 📖 Documentation Structure

The documentation covers everything you need to know about QRyptoRAG:

### 📚 **Core Concepts**
- How QR-video encoding works
- Understanding compression ratios
- Semantic search fundamentals

### 🚀 **Getting Started**
- Installation and setup
- Your first QR-video encoding
- Basic search operations

### 🔧 **API Reference**
- Complete TypeScript API documentation
- Database adapters (Supabase, in-memory, file-based)
- Embedder integrations (Gemini, Cohere, Hugging Face)

### 💡 **Examples**
- Documentation assistant setup
- PDF processing workflows
- Multi-language knowledge bases
- Production deployment patterns

### 🏗️ **Architecture**
- System design and data flow
- Performance optimization tips
- Scaling strategies

---

## 📦 Related Projects

### Core Package
- **📦 [qr-video-rag](https://www.npmjs.com/package/qr-video-rag)** - The main npm package
- **🔗 [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/gpbacay/qryptorag)** - Source code and issues

### Key Features
- **🎯 Novel Approach**: First QR-based RAG storage system
- **📦 80-95% Compression**: Via H.264 video encoding
- **⚡ Sub-1-second Retrieval**: Direct frame seeking
- **🎬 Self-Contained**: Works offline, no external dependencies
- **🌐 Framework Agnostic**: Compatible with LangChain, LlamaIndex

---

## 🎨 Design Philosophy

This documentation site embodies the innovative spirit of QRyptoRAG:

- **Minimalist Aesthetics**: Clean, modern design that doesn't distract from content
- **Developer-First**: Built by developers, for developers
- **Performance Focused**: Fast loading, smooth animations
- **Accessible**: WCAG compliant with keyboard navigation and screen reader support

### Color Scheme
- **Primary**: Deep indigo (#4F46E5) - Technological expertise
- **Accent**: Vibrant teal (#14B8A6) - Interactive elements
- **Background**: Very light gray (#F9FAFB) - Clean, modern look

### Typography
- **Body**: Inter - Clear, accessible content
- **Headlines**: Space Grotesk - Tech-forward, modern feel

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions to both the QRyptoRAG package and this documentation site!

### Ways to Contribute
- **🐛 Report Issues**: Found a bug? Let us know!
- **💡 Suggest Features**: Have ideas for improvement?
- **📝 Improve Docs**: Help make documentation clearer
- **🔧 Code Contributions**: Submit PRs for the package or docs

### Development Setup

```bash
# Fork and clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/qryptorag.git

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Make your changes and submit a PR!
```

---

## 📄 License

This documentation website and the QRyptoRAG package are licensed under the **MIT License**.

See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- **Gianne Bacay** - Creator of this open source QRyptoRAG project
- **Open Source Community** - For the amazing tools that make this possible
- **RAG Community** - For pushing the boundaries of AI knowledge management

---

## 🌟 Star the Project

If you find QRyptoRAG useful, please consider giving it a star! ⭐

- **📦 [npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/qr-video-rag)**
- **🔗 [GitHub repository](https://github.com/gpbacay/qryptorag)**

---

**Built with ❤️ using Next.js, Tailwind CSS, and Framer Motion**
